can we guess the land which made this
sandwich let's talk about that
[Music]
Good Mythical Morning grinder hero
Hoagie wedge those aren't just the names
of dating apps they're also the names of
your spooky you're Blimpy you're
Zeppelin your sub I'm talking about
sandwiches with a six inch and foot long
variety wow okay I could take that a lot
of different ways uh Subway is arguably
the most reliable and Global sub
sandwich chain reliable and that they
all smell like a weird mix of Windex and
yeast they didn't know the smell and
Global in that they're all over the
earth now unfortunately we don't have
the means to smell International Subways
but thanks to our mythical kitcheners we
do have the means to taste them uh
including items off their menu It's time
for where in the world do these
International Subway sandwiches come
from you know how this goes we'll be
trying sandwiches from Subway locations
all around the world and throwing a dart
at the country we think they came from
but we're doing something new this time
mixing it up the last round will be a
mystery round so get ready for that
after throw the darts Chase The Sandwich
Artist cartographer will measure how far
they are from the right answer you look
great Chase oh thank you the person with
the lowest score at the end wins a
yellow submarine Now link lost last time
uh so he gets the advantage of using a
special Dart the hurt squirt which is
just a fistful of yellow mustard let's
get to Seven
yummy we got a freaking is that a
vegetable medley I see what's it what's
that called link okay it's peas corn and
carrots dude what's that called when you
put vegetable medley when you put peas
and corns and carrots together a
vegetable medley am I crazy I thought
it's called peas corns and carrots and
cucumbers who in their right mind would
put peas corns and carrots on a sub
I'm gonna bite right in the middle who
in their right mind would bite in the
middle of a sub you know what it tastes
like it tastes like a Subway sub with a
vegetable medley on it okay right that's
pretty that's bad since I'm getting all
the advantages today because I need them
you get to you get the DART First when I
think of peas I think of the UK well I
think of bad food I think of the UK
um this is the kind of thing that in my
experience I haven't been there I had a
bad time in London the first time went
to the wrong places and this is exactly
the kind of thing that they would have
done they would have tricked me into
eating a vegetable medley on a sub so I
think this is the UK
bam hey but I hit the country that
doesn't a little high and to the right
chase you having a good day I am you
didn't even Flinch that's good see
because I'm annoying it I didn't do that
um you know what you're right it's the
UK man yeah I just got to get a little
bit closer uh I'm gonna unite the
kingdom with my darts
well bam oh that was close and look at
that all right so you just had the corn
and peas sub which is an assortment of
green peas corn and diced carrots I
don't know why they left the carrots out
of the name uh Blended in a creamy
mixture of eggless mayo and it's on the
Subway menu in
India India India got some good food
this is the last thing they need to be
serving yeah redhead 27 and Link had 31.
Lefty dog
just a reminder we drop a new Vlog on
our Rhett and Link channel every
Saturday check it out and subscribe
while you're there thank you now okay we
got a big slab of bacon this bacon looks
like boys the Bacon's not the issue peel
back on that bacon and there's like a
what is that a mush
it's mashed potatoes
you know what it's not bad at all I
prefer a crunchier bacon but there was a
day when I did like the floppy bacon so
it takes me back are we are we sure that
that's mashed potatoes cream potatoes
whatever type of Juicy potato you're
talking you might like to refer to it as
don't I still go first well because I'm
in the lead yeah you're winning you go
first I'm just holding this when you
when you put that Dart in your hand with
intention like that it gets me I get
nervous I'll leave it here for now I've
said it before I'll say it again A lot
of times when there's a combination of
flavors mashed potatoes right you would
think this isn't something you see in
Eastern cuisine but putting it on
something like this is something that
they do in the east in my experience
when I see something that I don't
understand it culinarily sometimes I'm
like oh it's because I'm not from that
part of the world so I'm going to hedge
my bets and just kind of put it in the
uh the Indian Ocean all right he's going
for the Indian Ocean
okay in between India and Vietnam now
listen you got some Mash in the sub it's
not bankers and mash it's bacon and mash
but it's close enough it's half so this
is UK
look at that not bad not bad Stevie
speak to me in a British accent oh God
you just had a bacon potato and anchovy
sub oh anchov that's the salty yup and
the sandwich is made of you guessed it
bacon mashed potatoes and anchovy sauce
and any veggies that you want you can
get this at a subway in
Japan
my hatred for you at Wayne I'll be here
no it's peeking all right Brett you had
16 and Link by golly you had 43. my god
oh I like that nice touch
okay uh what I don't really know what
I'm looking at here there's a giant slab
of some sort of meat that's a log of
yeah I feel like I got to take the log
out is that a sausage log oh there's
barbecue sauce down there I appreciate
you not putting tomatoes on there but
you still put olives and cucumbers so
you hate those too I'm sorry Nicole no
I'm sorry hey taste that just taste it
just taste the sausage Nicole do not
apologize that's pretty good it's like
breakfast sausage as a log that is good
and weird I mean like I do that I just
did kind of I'm still ahead link
um which means you get to Dart again now
which means I get to give you my insight
and this time you could listen to it
it's a big slab of sausage that much
meat all together I feel like this is
something that's almost we would Almost
Do It in America but then we'd be like
ah let's let a neighbor do that
Dominican Republic well no I was gonna
go for Kanata UK has already been you
can't even guessed you keeping I've
guessed it many times
I know it's been a guess and it was from
the UK the thing that we right no no
nothing's been perfect oh wow so I'm
gonna go into this is the Banger I'm
gonna go into the Atlantic okay again
you hedged your best I'm gonna take a
bite you're just going for oceans you
know what I didn't listen to you last
time I start now I'm tempted to listen
to you this time and go for Canada but I
actually felt I don't know I feel like
Kenya's Calling My Name wow so should I
listen to my inner voice or should I let
it listen to my outer voice what does
can you call it you're my outer voice
red you're the guy who always speaking
at my ear does Kenya call you link when
it calls you I'm going for Canada or
does it use your whole name
oh yeah okay you still I went with my
outer voice technically missed the
country this is the the matam burrito
which has a deep fried pork patty topped
with barbecue sauce and cheese and it's
found at Subways in
Argentina
Argentina I'm not too far away Argentina
because of the meats Chase where do we
land link is 37 centimeters away rent is
29. ah you're a lucky dog oh man I'm
just better you're just being lucky
so we got two egg plops
that's the official term and wiener and
a hot dog with some cheese and then a
giant piece of bacon oh my goodness so
this is like a breakfast Menagerie I
think I might be into this yeah this all
this seems pretty good I think there's
cheese inside that sausage I'm gonna
find out though
um
you're cheesing that sausage boys gather
around hmm
don't talk about sausage that way so we
got a breakfast sub
we got cheesy sausage you don't know if
it's a breakfast sub what if it's part
of the world where they eat this they
eat eggs a United Kingdom is still on
the board now and you can afford to be
aggressive and I'm a I'm you're such a
lead I was confidently thinking it was
the UK because of the Poached Eggs you
know what just stick with your gut
going for it UK
oh or you went Africa you went real low
you're down in Egypt territory Egypt say
that again one time you know there was a
B in the word Egypt Egypt me neither
until I said it we all go to Egypt you
know what United Kingdom has done me so
wrong today
but I'm determined to make amends and
for us to be on a path towards Union
United Kingdom I'ma keep going with you
until you come through for me
join me in Africa
is that is there a magnet down there or
something all right Stevie you just had
the poached egg Mega melt a breakfast
sandwich with two poached eggs pork
sausage snow bacon melted cheese and
ketchup the cheese is not inside of the
sausage but I really appreciate you guys
got really excited about that aspect no
it is and and it is served it really
isn't until 11 A.M in
the UK no but the one time that I can't
hit it
you keep doing me wrong all right link
you had 18 red you had 14. wow man sorry
all I can do is apologize now
this is some sort of rap oh guacamole
with some sort of meat could be chicken
could be a mystery I don't know well
speaking of mystery this is our mystery
around because on the last episode
International uh darts for Soups uh
mythical Beast Iqbal gefari M suggested
in a comment you guys should make that
mystery around where you give rent link
food from the country that's not on the
map just like links did that'll be
awesome yeah you know how links throws
the darts at ones that aren't the
selections so this country is not on the
map
well it's on the map but it's not
labeled
now why is it there's is some kind of
flatbread I know they do a flatbread at
the subway guacamole and chicken though
I didn't know if that was going to be
chicken
well it's it's got a spicy rub on it
whoa
that is spicy those are pretty good I
like this I would have told you
that this chicken is that Peri Peri
chicken
that's from Africa oh the spicy spicy
but it has guacamole on it so I'm
tempted to say Africa but it might be
somewhere towards Latin America as well
so you know as I love to do I might just
aim for an ocean because that tends to
work for me
you know what doesn't work for me
pretty much every step of this game
apparently I'm gonna go uh just off the
west coast of Africa oh
middle of it you don't have to Dad grunt
when you throw up no no I do I do why
you got a dad Grant all right this is
the Dominican Republic my man but I
don't need this because I have got a
handful of mustard toss because this is
what they're calling the hurt squirt but
you're gonna put in your left hand
you're about to throw your left hand
well I was gonna yeah I'm right
consistent with my theory
I'll be a left-handed squeezer
um yeah it's it tastes like jerk chicken
which is like a you know that's like a
Jamaican Dominican Republic thing but
what about the guacamole and then the
guacamole
um is big in the Dominican Republic but
you know it's also not a country that's
late oh yeah I forgot crap
which is kind of you know I could I
could have let you go with that though
well you know what this is Jamaica I've
been to Jamaica not labeled I didn't
like guacamole at the time
so I don't remember if they had it
that's good yeah handful of mustard
just don't oh don't get it on yourself
thanks rat is wherever mustard what
about you getting on you it's wherever
mustard hits I'm gonna get back before
you back back sling this stuff here we
go here we go here we go Jamaica me the
winaman
oh wow hey it's kind of beautiful yeah
high five nope this is the Fiesta
Mexicana a flat bread sandwich featuring
seasoned chicken veggies and guacamole
and of course no place throws a fiesta
quite like
Poland why Poland of course of course
okay you're covering Poland so link
definitely got Poland all right link you
had zero and Rhett you had 13. ah link
uh you didn't make up the difference it
was so much fun just to participate
so I'm glad I'm here you know every time
we do this I'm just glad I get to do it
the next time that means I win a yellow
submarine bring it in put it right there
he earned it
oh thank you Lucas wow more more I'll
tell you when oh I'll tell you when our
mustard budget in this episode is really
getting blown when
or some more okay yeah great great great
great yum thank you perfect wow
so yeah a little bit more right there
yeah that seems that I'm out or just a
mustard whistle well and some parts
okay there you go all right I feel like
a winner thanks for subscribing and
clicking that Bell you gonna eat that
more sure you know what time it is
Tanya and I'm married we're from Key of
Ukraine and it's time to spin the wheel
of mythicality they're pretty close to
getting one of those uh guacamole and
chicken Subs that they just crossed the
border yeah good thought link to watch
us try weird ways to shred lettuce and
Good Mythical More and to find out where
the where the mentality is gonna land
Burger
Burger you're only speaking one word the
whole day burger burger moist and you've
chosen moist yep and you've chosen
Burger
cool